Update custom nodes guide (#413)
aimakerspace/PeekingDuck: docs/source/getting_started/03_custom_nodes.md

# Building Custom Nodes to run with PeekingDuck

PeekingDuck is designed to work with custom use cases. This guide will showcase how anyone can develop custom nodes to be used with PeekingDuck.

> In this tutorial, we'll be building a custom `csv_logger` which writes data into a file. It serves as a data collection step that stores useful metrics into a csv file. This csv file can be used for logging purposes and can serve as a base for data analytics. (We have a [`output.csv_logger`](/peekingduck.pipeline.nodes.output.csv_writer.Node), but we think a CSV logger example will be simple enough for new users.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we'll be building a custom `csv_logger` which writes data into a file. It serves as a data collection step that stores useful metrics into a csv file. This csv file can be used for logging purposes and can serve as a base for data analytics. (PeekingDuck already has an [`output.csv_logger`](/peekingduck.pipeline.nodes.output.csv_writer.Node) node, but this is a good example for you to experience the process of creating a custom node from scratch.)
```

> mkdir results
```

Your project folder should look like this:

```bash
.
├── src
│   └── <custom_folder_name>
│       └── configs
├── run_config.yml
├── results
```

- `src/<custom_folder_name>` is where custom nodes created for the project should be housed.
- `run_config.yml` is the basic yaml file to select nodes in the pipeline. You will be using this to run your peekingduck pipeline.

## Step 2: Populate run_config.yml

> The `run_config.yml` will be created by `peekingduck init`. For this tutorial, replace its contents with the following node list. Notice that newly minted nodes are identified by the following structure `<custom_folder_name>.<node-type>.<node>`. In this project, the `<custom_folder_name>` is named `custom_nodes`.

Reviewer: node-type comprise of 5 types...
either link to the diagram in RTD intro or just list them here

- model.yolo
- dabble.bbox_count
- draw.bbox
- draw.legend
- output.screen
- custom_nodes.output.csv_writer
```

PeekingDuck is designed for flexibility and coherence between in-built and custom nodes; you can design a pipeline which has both types of nodes.

As PeekingDuck runs the pipeline sequentially, it is important to check if the nodes preceding your custom nodes provides the correct inputs to your node. PeekingDuck will return an error if the sequence of nodes are incorrect.

## Step 3: Create Node Configs

Create a custom node config under `src/<custom_folder_name>/configs/<node_type>/<node>.yml`. In this tutorial it will be `src/custom_nodes/configs/output/csv_writer.yml` to list configurations required by the system.

```yaml
input: ["count"]                # inputs required by the node
output: ["none"]                # outputs of the node.
period: 1                       # time interval (s) between logs

> filepath: 'results/stats.csv'   # output file location

Reviewer: the section just before step 4 should include:
In our case, it will be `period` and `filepath`.

from peekingduck.pipeline.nodes.node import AbstractNode

class Node(AbstractNode):

>     def __init__(self, config, **kwargs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def __init__(self, config=None, **kwargs):
```

from .utils.csv import CSVLogger

class Node(AbstractNode):

>     """Node that logs outputs of PeekingDuck and writes to a CSV"""

Reviewer: - For init, don't need to get the configs from `config` anymore. Can use self.filepath directly (see updated nodes for example)
- Both this snippet and the one above it needs to be updated with **kwargs etc
```
    def __init__(self, config: Dict[str, Any] = None, **kwargs: Any) -> None:
        super().__init__(config, node_path=__name__, **kwargs)
        self.model = posenet_model.PoseNetModel(self.config)

    def run(self, inputs: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
```
- So does the node_template.py file https://github.com/aimakerspace/PeekingDuck/blob/dev/peekingduck/pipeline/nodes/node_template.py

Author: updated. node_template.py should be updated in another issue

### Final Checks

- [ ] By default, PeekingDuck assumes that your custom nodes are found in `src/<custom_folder_name>`.
- [ ] NOTE: Create a `results` folder at the same level as `src`!
- [ ] Ensure that the files are in the correct folder structure.

Your repository should look similar to this:

```bash
.
├── src
│   └── <custom_folder_name>
│       ├── output
│       │    ├── utils
│       │    │   └── csv.py
│       │    └── csv_writer.py
│       └── configs
│            └── output
│                └── csv_writer.yml
├── run_config.yml
├── results
```

### Running the Module

- Now the setup is complete and ready to run! Run the setup using the following code.

    `peekingduck run --config_path run_config.yml`

> - If the setup is working, you should see an output screen being displayed. If you are using `input.live`, terminate the program by clicking on the output screen and pressing `q`.

Reviewer: Strongly suggest `pip install .` with the latest `dev` and run through all these steps (with the updated changes) to make sure it works.

Author: should this be part of the test later?

Reviewer: Okay
